Edits to be done on the project

1. After editing the a user and making them a supermarket they should be able to be seen in the edit supermarkets page.
2. Failed login message
3. Send an email to the Administrator at rey@gmail.com to be given rights.   
	- Send an email to the Administrator at rey@gmail.com 	requesting for admin rights and as you wait, enjoy the 	user experience.
4. Item category in the supermarkets login repeats one item a number of times. Toiletries for all supermarket users.
5. Offers in supermarket login when editing the drop down brings one name several times.
6. Add a select from files in the image selection on the items page for supermarkets.
7. On the items displayed at the extension, edited items within the week should be shown.
8. Edit the scale for the charts to have them begin form zero not 1. Hae defined titles for the charts.
9. Align the de-activated table in offers page, supermarket login.(Check how its done in edit supermarkets)
10. Change the title saved to offers in the items page, supermarket login.
11. Add a cancel edit in all adit enabled pages.
12. Add items trigger has issues.

Error: INSERT INTO item (Item_category_ID, Offer_ID, Item_name, Item_description, Original_unit_cost, Item_unit_cost, Item_quantity_in_stock, Item_image) VALUES ('1', '16', 'Light bulb', 'White light bulbs, Light sensor, Motion sensor lights', '2200', '1855', '25', 'bulb.jpg')
Can't update table 'item' in stored function/trigger because it is already used by statement which invoked this stored function/trigger

13. New offers works perfectly and does not need reloading, Check how its done and implement where needed.
14. added a new supermarket and in the users i get a new record with no email, make the email auto generate when you add a new supermarket or add another text box when adding supermarkets for the email and/or password.
15. check if supermarket name exists in the users or supermarkets and throw an error when submitted.



Thought process
1. Make the main admin able to edit all items the supermarkets an edit.
2. figure out how supermarkets can bulk upload.